Adding a tip to mention that the given steps to start ssh-agent may not work for all (#26974)
github/docs: data/reusables/desktop/note-start-ssh-agent.md

> Above commands are executed to start the `ssh-agent` manually in your environment. If the commands fail, please check the relevant documentation for your environment to start `ssh-agent`

Reviewer: Rewording for improved readability
```suggestion
{% tip %}

**Note:** The eval commands above start ssh-agent manually in your environment. These commands may fail if ssh-agent already runs as a background system service. If that happens, we recommend you check the relevant documentation for your environment.

{% endtip %}
```
